Add scaffold for using test logs in unit tests without parsing them over and over again (#466)
vast-io/vast: tools/gen-vast-slices/README.md

# gen-vast-slices

The **gen-vast-slices** tool parses supported log formats from STDIN into table

> slices and prints them in serialized form to STDOUT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slices and prints them in serialized, *binary* form to STDOUT.
```

I would also add that the binary format comes from `caf::binary_serializer`.

Author: That reads like the output to STDOUT is binary, which isn't the case.

Author: I took a slightly different wording, hope that's a good compromise.

Our primary use case is to create a `.cpp` with an array that contains the

> serialized form of a table slice vector. Unit tests than can quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
serialized form of a table slice vector. Unit tests then can quickly
```

> deserialize the vector instead of parsing files from the file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deserialize the vector instead of performing filesystem I/O.
```
